There's a sincere desire
to compete and be part of a team and injuries sidetrack a lot of those intentions.
My name is Phil Wagner and I'm the CEO and founder of Sparta Science.
Our goal is to provide a solution for any individual that's looking to be
active and really reducing and preventing the injuries that tend to occur.
When I started to notice these trends behind injuries,
I guess I wasn't thinking about data first because I think like most good practitioners,
I was thinking about the individual first and how to avoid
the frustration and the emotional pain of enduring a setback, like an injury.
One of the defining characteristics of that is the data that that individual produces.
The force play analysis looks at ground reaction force.
So, when you're jumping and you put force down,
it causes you to go up.
So, more force into the ground allows you to jump
higher and those patterns are what we call movement signature.
That movement signature has been linked to
different injury risks and different performance capabilities.
The value of good data and really longitudinal data is,
you can start to identify trends.
You can start to become predictive of which exercises and
training programs are going to be most
effective at reducing or rehabilitating that injury.
So, we work with Stanford University,
University of Pacific, Brigham Young University amongst several others.
So, what makes us different is,
we've been able to reduce insurance premiums for universities to
save professional teams money by having less days lost due to injury.
So, really having those kinds of results and that kind of impact,
that is what makes Sparta unique.
At the end of the day, the value we're providing is
not coming from having a force played,
it's really from the datasets.
So, we want to invest in the framework for software engineers to build
that and from data scientists to continue to make meaning out of those datasets.
But, really for me,
it all began thinking about how do we address and help each individual person.
最新课程跟课件还有一对一辅导请加wx：udacity6